
AIM: Predict the onset of diabetes based on diagnostic measures. 
Source :This dataset is originally from the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases. 
Objective = objective of the dataset is to diagnostically predict whether a patient has diabetes, based on certain diagnostic measurements included in the dataset.


Columns of the dataset:

    Pregnancies: Number of times pregnant
    Glucose: Plasma glucose concentration 2 hours in an oral glucose tolerance test
    Blood Pressure: Diastolic blood pressure (mm Hg)
    Skin Thickness: Triceps skin fold thickness (mm
    Insulin: 2-Hour serum insulin (mu U/ml)
    BMI: Body mass index (weight in kg/(height in m)^2) 
    Diabetes Pedigree Function: Diabetes pedigree function
    Age: Age (years)
    Outcome: Class variable (0 or 1) 0 mean non-diabetic and 1 means diabetic

Analysis:

    1. Calculate appropriate measures of central tendency for Glucose and outcome column only?
    2. Please provide 5 points data summaries for required columns?
    3. Please create an appropriate plot to examine the relationship between Age and Glucose.
    4. Please create an appropriate plot to see the distribution of Outcome variable?
    5. Please examine the distribution of numerical data and explain which variable normally distributed and which variable is seems to be skewed. Please also tell the direction of skewness.
    6. Please calculate the skewness value and divide variables into symmetrical, moderately skewed and highly skewed.
    7. Please create appropriate plot to examine the outliers of these variables. Please name the variables which have outliers.
    8. What should be the measures of central tendency and dispersion for skewed data?  
    9. Please do the basic exploration of data and explain missing values, number of rows and columns and data types in statistical term.

Submission:

Please push the assignment into your github account and provide the link of github account.
Remember when you are pushing it into your github account, it should seem like a project not as a question answer session. So there will be one ipynb file for submission and another for github.